welcome to between heaven and earth an
internet radio talk show where we help
you connect spirit and divine guidance
Lisa Kay your host brings you shows that
can enhance and transform your life with
tips and new ideas for more happiness
abundance and better relationships Lisa
is an expert on intuition and can show
you how to strengthen your inner
guidance to empower yourself each show
is positive and uplifting to inspire
your day her guest speakers are
specialists on self-help positive
thinking spirituality and conscious
living be the best that you can be with
between heaven and earth conscious
living for your soul
it jump into a parallel universe and our
special guest today cynthia is cynthia
sue larson you can create a whole
different world for yourself just by
using your intention to shift to another
universe and in the book quantum jumps
cynthia sue larson presents a radical
new scientific paradigm which shows us
we can exist in a holographic multiverse
in which we can literally jump from one
parallel universe to another quantum
jumps gives you a way to make an
immediate shift to change your world and
Cynthia's work in her book was supported
by distinguished sources in fields of
physics biology psychology sociology and
medicine we now know what that quote
quantum is no longer limited to the
invisible subatomic realm but involves
our everyday world and in the book
Cynthia explores the scientific
mechanism behind synchronicity the power
of the placebo effect and simple yet
powerful exercises that you can do to
help you make wiser decisions relate
better to others and enjoy a happier
more prosperous life now Cynthia sue
Larson is the best-selling author of
quantum jumps reality shifts or
advantage and high energy money Cynthia
is a life coach with degrees a degree in
physics from UC Berkeley and has been
interviewed on the Discovery Channel The
History Channel and BBC when she's
having fun you may find her conversing
with physicists and cognitive scientists
in the search of the quantum paradigm
meditating or practicing martial arts
welcome Cynthia I'm so excited you're
here
hello I'm so glad to be here Lisa yeah
it's going to be great going to talk
about how to manifest your reality
through jumping between universes which
i think is really really cool it's sort
of what I'm excited about today is
talking about
the how to do this and also sort of the
science behind it I think people think
that manifesting your reality you know
the secret all that is sort of magic and
it's hard to believe but when you have
some science behind it it helps make it
more believable even though the science
is a little you know is be more
believable right exactly and not be
totally believable in the sense that the
connections between consciousness and on
the one hand which is something we can't
we still can't measure it we still don't
know what it is but it's the key to
success in all of this manifestation you
think we're always a do you think that's
how people are successful they're using
this absolutely it's a combination of
keeping your energy up and keeping your
attentive awareness in a very positive
focus during school I wanted to get into
that well I wanted to ask a few
questions kind of the background and
then I I wanted to go into for our
listeners how to do these quantum jumps
how to manifest a life that you want the
world that you want so how did you first
come to realize that what this thing is
is quantum jumping and that that people
can actually do something with it
well in my case I started noticing what
I've called reality shifts for the last
16 years I've been tracking this
phenomenon through my website and just
noticing literally that things and
people in cars and buildings would
either appear or disappear as if out of
thin air and now mind you I'm not doing
hallucinogenic drugs I didn't take
prescription drugs anything they would
appear disappear I know
okay well bear with me because I know
this sounds crazy but all of us at least
most people that I talked to will agree
and put their hands in the air when I
ask for a show of hands how many people
have noticed that things in their home
like socks in the dryer
you know it seemed to move around as if
by themselves and their keys their
wallet their coat their purse you know
every hand in the room is up usually now
some people might think that they just
ascribe the whole thing to forgetfulness
yeah I was going to say maybe I forgot
that I put it there or that Oh
yeah that's where that was I just
thought it was somewhere else right and
but in in the cases that I've been
tracking for the last 16 years and my
book quantum jumps I've included the
most recent survey of several hundred
people because I've done that I've done
I've been tracking this phenomenon for
almost definitely 16 years now and when
I'm finding is people are across the
board noticing that things are
absolutely appear disappear transform
transport there are spontaneous
remissions from disease
synchronicity does occur okay so what
I'm basically saying is why don't we if
you'll take a look at all this seemingly
strange stuff it really looks to me as a
physicist a lot like what we're noticing
on the microscopic scale this is where
it gets really interesting I had a story
that a friend of mine had told me about
a very spiritual person that that he was
basically going to see and he said that
he she must have by located because he
was at one part of this complex where
she was and then he got on a bus to go
to a different part and when he arrived
she was there but she wasn't she didn't
take the bus right it didn't look like
she was out of breath or she'd been
running or no growth and he was like how
could she be a critique and there wasn't
like a shortcut or anything he just
there was just no way that she could get
there without I guess Quantum Jumping
are you or are you finding a wormhole or
something and so that was sort of like
the bilocation experience and this is
what we're talking about and so in my
book quantum jumps I start with pretty
small things at the beginning just
talking about what everybody could agree
would be happening such as a mother
who's saving her newborn child in the
face of a uncoming tornado or hurricane
and making a leap to safety that's much
greater than she would normally be able
to do what happened there okay in that
case when she made that jump
um I think it was one of those she
jumping from in to okay she you know
when I don't live in hurricane country
but when these things strike apparently
it's really important to get to safety
before they strike because you should be
usually in a basement or something
because these big win situations are
well on top of being extremely
frightening they're very life
threatening and so she had a family with
a young child and what she realized is
um she could hear the sound that sent
that was just horrific it sounded to her
like a dozen freight trains and I've
never heard a dozen freight trains all
at once but that has got to be loud and
she's in Arkansas this happened a couple
of years ago and her husband raced out
of the house and so did she
and she had her 19 month old baby child
and I guess at that point they realized
this this massive storm this tornado
would be striking them within minutes
and so there wasn't there hadn't been
very much warning their home was not
safe apparently it didn't have a
basement you know some houses aren't
built so that there did she have a
shelter like an underground shelter see
this is the thing I guess outdoors where
she was standing there was a large
boulder on the property and then she
realized she had just like a split
second choice to either risk leaping ten
feet straight down to a natural cave
under the boulder which was the only
that's kind of like a basement it's
still pretty scary hmm or she would take
her time you know finding a safe way
down okay then she just made this
decision right there I'm gonna jump off
oh my gosh sir she's holding the baby
and she's like what uh she's on top of
this Boulder top of the boulder is on
top of the boulder holding the baby she
decides to jump off and that's a big
baby you know 19 months oh well yeah but
jumping off into her a rocky hole is
like scary it's so scary even if you
weren't holding a baby exactly and so
this is a kind of life-changing moments
actually jumps and then what happened oh
thank goodness Walsh it was a good move
it she needed those extra seconds to get
down to find her way under the boulder
to safety which is like a natural um
actually occurring kind of a basement
and so it did save her baby's life and
her and she when she got at the bottom
was she like I mean did she feel the
impact that she liked break a bone or
was it when she got to the bosom what I
heard from the news reports is she just
felt like she could do it she went from
that feeling if I can't
this and never in her life and she
jumped straight down like that it wasn't
she's not an athlete it wasn't the kind
of thing she would normally do she's not
it not a hygiene not an Olympic you know
for people to think about that because
sometimes you it's hard for you to think
about you know a distance but it's like
I think the normal height of a in a room
of the ceiling is what about eight
exactly you're right
jumping off a roof it really is like
jumping from the first floor to the yep
to the ground right and when people jump
off that's not always no you get a break
you're like well I would but to jump
into a hole Wow and just to know that
you would be able to handle then I'm
sure the hole wasn't like a big huge
hall it probably was small so it's kind
of uneven terrain it's it's kind of with
gravel and you know it's not flat it's
not level and there's a storm coming so
there's all of this going on but she did
it and she felt that what made her
successful in that moment was just
deciding was losing all doubt just
throwing that right out and just
visualizing that she's gonna do it and
then she did that's the key that is the
key just knowing that in some sense
you're already there and then acting as
if you can do it and face it is that the
same thing as I want some Doreen Virtue
it was one of my mentors and she had
said that her son grant would kind of
time travel and the way he would do it
like if he was late he said don't look
at your watch don't look at your watch
just imagine that you're gonna be there
on time and get get it if you're in the
car just get in you drive and you just
go and so she did that once and she knew
that there was like you know there there
wasn't really a way to make it on time
but she said no I'm going to not think
about that I'm gonna imagine that I'm
gonna be there on time and she just
drove and she got there on time exactly
and I've got dozens of case stories just
like that one on the realityshifters
website over the last 16 years this is
one of the most common really what's the
website give it give us a website it's
called realityshifters.com in reality
shifters.com so if you go to that you
can read more a lot lot more stories
we're going to share
some of the stories here I mean I want
to get some more story because I love
stories but reality shifters.com were
we're just going to Cynthia we're
talking to Cynthia sue Larson about her
book quantum jumps we're going to go to
break and then we'll be back for more
stories about reality shifting and
jumping through time and space
this is OTR FM part of the ione radio
network the number one reason girls drop
out of school in sub-saharan Africa is
lack of access to feminine hygiene
products the pads for schoolgirls
project an outreach of humanity healing
international is changing this paradigm
by setting up sewing programs as schools
teaching girls a vocational skill while
producing the reusable pads that help
keep them attending classes the girls
pay it forward by making and giving pad
kits to other girls in need to learn
more visit humanity healing org humanity
healing is where your heart is hi this
is Angela Levesque host of entanglement
radio join me Wednesdays at 12 p.m.
Eastern for inspiring conversations with
visionaries and spiritual science and
conscious healing entanglement radio
Wednesdays at 12 p.m. Eastern
transcendent talk for the conscious mind
hello i'm miriam knight of new
consciousness review inviting you to my
new show where i interview the rising
stars of the conscious awakening will
explore the many phases of consciousness
and action and intriguing perspectives
on life the universe and everything in
between
join us each wednesday at 2 p.m. Eastern
on the rising star as shown
host your show on IM FM the radio
network of ometimes media one of the
more recognized brand names in the
conscious community and is backed by the
extensive marketing reach of own times
hosting a show on am FM immediately
connects you with our extensive
dedicated community you're listening to
o TR FM part of the I ohm radio network
welcome back I'm Lisa Cain you're
listening to between heaven and earth
radio and we are on the ometimes radio
network and we are sitting here talking
to Cynthia sue Larson about how to jump
between realities or universes and
basically shift your shift your
experience in this world so that you can
create a world and a life and an
experience that you want so we were
talking about some of the experiences
people have had and Cynthia I wanted to
ask you uh what was the most convincing
experience that you personally had
making some quantum jump oh boy I've had
so many and the key to it I'd like to
follow up on the last conversation we
were having in lies it's a place of
uncertainty
making sure for example if your dog my
dog was developing cataracts in his eyes
and so the key to that is recognizing
that you can get a I knew it
already I could get a placebo effect in
animals because the research supports
that for dogs and horses and so the SIBO
effect is going to be for a dog what
would it be well for dogs the studies
have shown and I write about it in
quantum jumps that dogs that have
arthritis that are having trouble
difficulty moving when they're just
given some sort of a placebo treatment
and this was done with that gold
standard of the doctors the
veterinarians not necessarily knowing
which group the dog is in are they
getting the placebo treatment or what
dogs that are getting that placebo
treatment often would consistently
improve by something like 30 35 so they
get in the sugar pill yep and what
that's really interesting is that
because I'm thinking well how can it
does a dog really know it's taken a pill
and that it's supposed to do something
so it's actually the placebo effect is
it almost seems like it's not the dog
that has the belief but the doctors the
people are creating them I mean cuz it
does a dog now the difference between
well I take this pill I feel better I
know what you're getting into is the
whole measurement
aspect of physics in quantum physics
where the person who's taking the
measurement is in now entangled with the
measurement apparatus so therefore the
the you know the veterinarian the dog
that the owner everybody's part of it
they're all part of creating the reality
right so so the thing that I was so
happy about was when my dog was
developing hip dysplasia at age nine I
already knew about these studies and I
would just think positively I didn't
even need to do anything I could just
sort of give him a special massage on
his hips and they just feel like okay
and I would think to him this is your
treatment and now you're gonna walk just
fine and he did and so we we would run
and walk and Wow sixteen so the capex
also cleared up so from cataracts
cleared up that's amazing that's because
that's like irreversible isn't it well
you say that it is I love to share
things like this because then we are
like the hundredth monkey and when we
all start finding out look even if
you're in the placebo group you can
still experience remarkable advantages
of receiving placebo treatment I know
that and I know that people of spirit
and and faith can experience something
like seventy percent positive results
that's one percent is pretty good so so
what's the science behind a time travel
time travel now that's interesting and
I've often written about this subject on
my website over the years the the some
of the things that I've personally
observed are talking with my future self
seeing a visitor show up at our house
yeah that was cool
and having a visitor show up at her
house that obviously he'd come at a
different time and then the Barty ager
effect were I've experienced my daughter
arriving home before she got here the
let's clarify this so you are
experiencing the future and then it
happens or you're you're making the
future happen without trying to explain
what is going on I like to do this in a
naturalistic like a biologist would
describe I saw this bird and I observe
these things because if we start
ascribing or just thinking that we know
what's going on it's a little premature
so what happened is let's take the
example my daughter showing up before
she showed up when the kids in the front
door
was that I think the front door had been
closed and I could hear voices on the
porch I heard the door opening I was
busy with the oven or something by the
time I stood up and I was even speaking
because I was certain it was my
daughter's voice so I was were saying
hello you know come on in I'm just
putting something in the oven and by the
time I was able to shut the oven door
and walk to the front door there was
nobody there and no sign that anyone had
been there it was completely baffling
and then I guess within the next 20
minutes at some point my daughter and
her friends did arrive and then I asked
her did you show up like 20 minutes ago
and she said no so I told her what I'd
observed subsequently I found out that
this is a well known phenomena in Norway
the country Norway believed in some of
the Scandinavian countries but they have
a word for it varda Yeager and so when
you start recognizing that time is kind
of fluid and sometimes you can see these
cycling events and I write about this in
my other book reality shifts where I've
seen things repeat kind of like in the
movie did you know that she was gonna
come you just thought she came earlier
or did you not know she was coming at
all I don't think I was even expecting
her ah that's interesting she was with
friends they might have gone anywhere
so you didn't you weren't even expecting
her at all and then you've got this
scene Oh oui oui intuitive's would say
that was a premonition um more than a
premonition though it was like
full-blown sound effects like real in
the house I know the friends between
kind of it's in your head when it's
outside you yeah
ELISA knows really really clear in fact
I heard the door opening but then it was
closed and it was it was very strange
Wow
so so how do we make this happen for
ourselves how do you make it nice oh now
that was that was an example of it to
happen to you rather than you making it
happen right so so how do we use this
phenomenon to shift our reality and a
fake it till you make it to know you're
already there - well one of the big
steps is to attain that relaxed detached
peaceful altered state really letting go
of what you think you know it's that
whole don't look at the clock don't
think that the dog has cataracts to get
into a place of love
or you just feel like I love my life be
grateful for everything that you care
about and really get to that state of
pure consciousness so the more you
meditate and the more you know what I'm
talking about
if listeners don't know then start
meditating okay so so let's see would
that also be I mean it sounds almost to
me like well don't focus your attention
on the thing you don't want focus your
attention on things that are not that or
that you do want is that how that horse
smells like you don't want obviously to
focus on the lack of no I want money I
don't have money like driving a car and
you put your foot on the clutch pedal
because you're about to shift gears
you're going to jump from one reality to
another and you know you're doing it so
before you shift the gears and if you're
driving a stick shift you need to
disengage from the current set of gears
and the way you do that is you put your
foot on the clutch pedal just for a
moment as your hand is
disengaging from whatever gear you were
in and moving to the next one so it's
really like driving a car
step one is just put your foot on the
clutch pedal okay step two is the
disengage its disengaged detach yeah oh
really it's if you know Reiki then they
say just for today I will not worry the
whole just for today business and the
lack of getting all you know agitated
about things that be kind of the state
of mind like yeah that you're in likes
it was it let's say you go to a
restaurant and you know you're hungry
you want to eat so you get you get a
menu and you look at things that you
want and then you go oh okay so I'm
going to order the chicken deloused
chicken and then you put your order in
and then you then you just wait because
you know it's coming well the first step
is reset the state of mind you're in
you're just you're just open and you're
waiting kind of it's um it's a
disengagement it's just it's because
you're not you're not making you're not
going out and making the chicken right
right and you already kind of put your
order in so you're you're was more
putting the order in step one would be
just realizing okay alright I want to
clarify it I want to get a good idea
what we're doing here the step one is
just realizing maybe that you're going
to go into that particular restaurant
time to sit down it's very about doing
things so you're gonna sit down okay
take a look at the menu perhaps but even
before you look at the menu you're just
relaxing you just kind of letting it all
go you're letting go okay step two you
get it energized and then you're looking
at you know you've looked at the menu
for a glance
it may be immediately know what you want
to order and that's the one so oh yeah I
can taste it now and I really like
that's I like the way they make that
dish you get the goosebumps you get that
rush yeah and that's like I can almost
taste I can almost my mouth is watering
if you're not feeling the rush of energy
and don't know what we're talking about
then that's not the right choice
probably it you know it might be in your
head like I'm that's what everyone told
me to do well big news here is it might
not really be the one that's right
because you're not getting the right
rush of energy right okay board we
picked a good one we feel really good
you know it's number two and then the
third step is simple you take positive
action in keeping with the new reality
so then you order what it is you want
that's the placing of the order that's
just yes so now now let's shift gears
wait and then you sit in way so let's
shift gears to well a lot of people are
going to want this of course you know I
want more money how do I manifest more
money well again this is important to
get to that place where you're clear of
blockages money is interesting because
people often have relationships with
money that are similar to like bad love
relationships so you need to clear all
the bad karma that's come before and get
to a place where you're not setting
yourself up to be a victim again or you
know go through like oh boy how come
this always happens I needs free loan to
me right that's the affirmation kind of
thing
well I in my book high-energy money I go
through pretty much all the chakras and
then in great detail what all the
typical problems are for each one of
them as you might think that you have to
work hard or various there all sorts of
possible blockage areas and then there's
a quiz that you can go through just by
reading a question noticing how you're
really responding to it and listening to
your body because that's the key when
you start getting aware like wow I can
feel a blockage it's in my gut what the
heck is that and then you found one and
that's the good news it's not upsetting
they can flip the the belief around make
it into a positive affirmation and once
your chakras are clear then I would
recommend believing that it's already
yours being really that feeling that
sense of confident excitement like this
is what's happening now this is the year
that money comes through for me this is
my year and then I describe different
personality types with money because
some people like to be very actively out
there earning it some people like it to
have it just come on you show up in the
mail which apparently it does
yeah it does that's kind of like you
find your style like which what kind of
thing works for you and everybody's a
bit different mm-hmm and then having
that so it sounds like the work is in
the first two steps well maybe all three
right it is maybe and we want to
manifest a good flow through the three
steps we have to manifest it not being
hard to do it all right yeah you get
good at letting go and get good at
finding the thing that really charges
you up that's activating you on all
levels of your being and then acting in
accordance with and confidence in this
being your new path Wow it's exciting I
want to I'm going to learn more here
we're going to try these out but we're
going to go to break and when we come
back we're going to find out I'm going
to get Sue's information over to
everybody who's listening there and you
can find out more about how to get our
book and to do how to do your own
Quantum Jumping we'll be right back
you're listening to Oh TR FM part of the
I ohm radio network
have you ever wondered how to change
your love paradigm the secret key is
finding a love partnership not just a
regular connection how do you find these
through conscious relationships
ascending hearts dating is a dating site
for people like you that believes in
second chances and a different type of
spiritual connection try ascending
hearts for free today at ascending
hearts calm and change your love
paradigm ascending hearts the premier
dating community for the spiritually
away the name is bond James Bond
no the name is Joe the Joe show and we
are returning back for our ninth season
here on old times radio so tune in every
Wednesday night 9:00 p.m. Eastern 6 p.m.
Pacific on old times calm / mobile you
can take us wherever you go yeah hello
I'm sandy said via host of the inspired
parenting radio show where every week
leaving you and power in information
from the diverse fields of conscious
parenting education neuroscience
consciousness health and metaphysics to
support you in nurturing the best in
your children so if you're interested in
understanding what shapes your
children's minds spirits and hearts join
me every Thursday at 4 p.m. Pacific time
7 p.m. Eastern Time and prepare to be
inspired
you
being a radio host on IOM FM allows you
to build your show on a rich platform
with the power of the Internet to
fulfill your outreach goals and connect
with a very specialized and global
online audience unlimited by time and
distance
ometimes radio will provide you with web
relevance a recognizable conscious brand
and with the standard of excellence that
has accompanied every single owned x
endeavor post your show with um x radio
network
this is OTR FM part of the I own radio
network and welcome back I'm Lisa K and
you're listening to between heaven and
earth radio conscious living for your
soul and we are back and we're talking
to Cynthia sue Larson about her book
quantum jumps and how you can basically
build a life or manifest a life of
happiness and prosperity through through
scientifically supported a theory of
quantum jumping is really really
interesting and I wanted to share with
our listeners where you can get the book
so Cynthia where is it that people can
get your book quantum jumps well it's
definitely available through my website
realityshifters.com and also on
amazon.com and there's an audio books
with whisper net so you can read it on
the kindle and then have it go to audio
which is pretty cool and it's also at
Barnes & Noble so those are some nice
readily available places
realityshifters.com so you get a shift
your reality go to reality shifters.com
and find out more about cynthia sue
larson how it's very exciting stuff so I
wanted to share with everybody my
website is LM k 88 com and if you go and
put your email address and you're going
to get you can get some information on
how to develop your intuition I am a
teacher author speaker specializing in
intuition and how to use your intuition
to follow your guidance to
synchronicities and
two wonderful places where the universe
is manifesting your heart's desire is so
which kind of coincides with a little
bit with what we're talking about today
and so if you go there and sign up for
my list you could've get 16 in tuition
development exercises you can do at home
by yourself and it's great stuff we get
people signing up every day I'm going to
also be at the awaken Fair at the
Doubletree Hotel in Tarrytown New York
this Sunday and I'm going to be talking
about how to launch and boost your
spiritual business I just gave this a
similar talk to in the up abasa chuse
'it's at the natural living expo and it
was really well-received we had a huge
audience and people loved it so and I'm
also going to be doing a book signing
there which the talk is based on which
is grow your spiritual business so in
the talk we're going to talk about
things like how did to discover you and
avoid the three big mistakes spiritual
business startups tend to make find out
find out the first essential must-do
steps to get your business going and
learn how to market without being salesy
through attracting and resonating with
your customers so that's all spiritual
business marketing and so that's going
to be at the awaken fair in Tarrytown
New York it's one of the largest fairs
in the area in the I guess in the
Westchester Rockland Putnam area and if
you want to look at our website for the
book you can go to grow your spiritual
business book.com also I wanted to let
people know that a couple things that we
have a Facebook page for this show go to
facebook.com slash between heaven and
earth and I am trying to monitor it and
if you have questions or comments just
put it in the post of the firt there's a
first post there and you can put your
comments in and we will read them on the
air let's say and one more thing if you
want to have a sponsored ad on this show
you can do that just contact me at LM
ket calm and we can get your ad on the
air I love um Times Radio Network we own
x radio and ometimes magazine reaches
over 2.4 million people which i think is
phenomenal it's absolutely amazing and
exciting so so there you have it those
are our websites Cynthia you can reach
her at realityshifters.com and i'm at LM
k ad comm so let's talk let's talk a
little bit more I wanted to ask you and
for howda Cynthia why do these 3 steps
work what's the science behind doing
these 3 steps right well there's
basically a lot of science behind it as
far as why it works then you get into
what is consciousness and I was talking
with Deepak Chopra when he interviewed
me in New York in February about this
and frankly it's not something we can
measure consciousness isn't yet anything
that science can predict and there's no
way a scientist could even predict that
you or I or anybody else should be
conscious so the that's I just want to
get there real clear but at the same
time you and I the one thing we're
certain of is that we have awareness we
know that if anything that's the one
thing that scientists would tell you you
actually do know and our senses
missguided and they actually steer us in
a slightly strange way they show us what
we think is reality but actually it's
only an interpretation of what our
senses are interpreting the true reality
to be hmm
so for example when I was out there in
New York in February let me tell you a
story about this because I gave a
workshop out in Long Island and some of
the people that attended we're very
excited one of them was a longtime
practitioner of all kinds of wonderful
intuitive skills he actually had been
producing lots of music and very
beautiful binaural beat meditations high
level stuff and at the workshop I think
he had the intuitive hit that there was
something a little bit wrong because he
was concerned about a possible prostate
cancer situation and then when I came
back
home to California I got an email from
him saying wow I don't know what's going
on with this but and what the universe
is trying to show me but could have
imagined a trillion things I would have
preferred to do in this limitless
universe but I've just gotten this
prostate biopsy that's not so good and
so but but the thing is he remembered
what I talked about in the workshop and
when he even asked a wonderful question
like what if you're facing a situation
like this it's hard for you to really do
that step one of letting go and really
hold that vision of this you're going to
it especially when everybody around you
is doesn't quite believe that you know
manifestation thing and right you know
they're telling you oh we should do that
you should go to the doctor and you
should go look at this paper and go go
to that clinic and I told him that
there's a strong science that's showing
that there's been a doubling of the
placebo effect in the United States in
the last 30 years so it's gone from that
35% efficacy rate and that includes for
surgery even for taking tests and for
things like sugar pills that you were
talking about and they told him as long
as you're doing something which could
literally be and he said like jumping
could I jump and imagine him jumping
into a healthy body physically job
lutely
I said do it do it yeah do it and then I
got to hear the wonderful news because
he wrote to me just within a couple
weeks of my return from that New York
trip and he told me I have been jumping
my ass off and it's working ha ha ha
it's been working and so what he would
do is he'd go up in the elevator and you
know if nobody's there you can just jump
jump jump and like I am jumping into a
healthy body what happens is twofold you
asked about the science of it and
literally you can change the the levels
of stress hormones in your body because
we have things like cortisol and
testosterone what you want to do is
crank up the testosterone and reduce the
cortisol levels and things like skipping
jumping do exactly what you want and in
that way and they can give you the kind
of confidence if people are listening
and they feel like I don't have
confidence I don't have energy in my
book quantum jumps I give tips on how to
get that energy how to get that
confidence through simple things like
making a fist with your hands or opening
your fingers really wide and I do
practice more
arts this is part of martial arts and
they're like accident
absolutely what does that do for you
opening your hands and it's a kind of
Qigong that all internal martial arts
include and so that what does it do for
you working on your energy in your body
and you can feel it you're working with
the second chakra breathing to it and
intentionally learning to run the energy
through your body what the researchers
in psychology have been noticing in the
field of embodied perception is that
when people do things that are very
expansive they get these boosts of the
testosterone and the reduction in
cortisol and this is what's been news
that's been coming out of Harvard
Medical School by studies produced by
Amy Cuddy for example one full research
so doing something expansive meaning
physically doing something likes goes
down to your sides yeah battalions above
your head you know jump up and down even
if you're sitting in a chair just put
your hands up do that now right now and
you can feel this rush of energy moving
through your body and I'm doing it right
now I feel it that's interesting ever
notice that before yeah and my book is
full of dozens of these very simple the
pretty much free things that you can do
to be smarter stronger in a better
relationship yeah that makes you make
you feel better
it does everybody out there who's
listening just you know reach up and
open up your hands and stretch and see
if that makes you feel any better and
there's this is what I love it it does
right does it totally does and then if
you want to sort of correct an
impossible kind of medical situation I
have to work with a lot of people that
have had great success doing things like
literally jumping for example knowing
that when you do that you're boosting
your energy is you're just keeping that
possibility state like don't look at
your watch so you're not checking every
day to lock in that bad the unwanted
unwelcome medical yes diagnosis for
example there's something called quantum
Zeno effect and it's been proven it's
like the watched pot never boils because
you just keep checking checking checking
it can't boil when you're checking it
like that guy this absolutely works on
the quantum scale and what I'm saying is
we're noticing it on the macroscopic
scale as well and that's what I'm saying
about all these things that
and my book describes teleportation it
has some time-travel kind of stories
lots of things that are a little out
there but it's the kind of thing that
you expect in a quantum universe so we
could probably so we could get rid of
global warming and climate change
through our consciousness I believe we
can and I believe that in fact that the
entire universe the way it exists is so
fine-tuned it's ridiculously unlikely
and so it seems clear that the
philosophers like leap knits who have
proposed that we live in this best
possible world I think they're right and
recently there's a book called Axio
Genesis by nicholas rescher
it was an octogenarian philosopher and
he's written a wonderful treatise on
this so I like to include the background
for all of this you know from the fields
of psychology physics philosophy and so
forth yeah but it gives it some
quantifiable support that you know you
feel like okay so you know I'm not
completely often just making this up
right so let's see so what were there
any where you found people were able to
do some things in some large ways what
does it doesn't it happen is it
dependent on how many people would you
it would you say that if you know it's
in numbers and more people that are
doing this like together is it stronger
have you seen anything like that right
well there's an analogy all of these
quantum phenomena have analogies in
nature and we see flocks of birds like
starlings and they move like liquid
helium they move coherently Wow they
move instantly together so yes so we
could what we can all move together and
live together in harmony we're actually
up to another break we're gonna go to
break and we'll come back and and
complete our our thoughts
you're listening to Oh TR FM part of the
I own radio network
as difficult as it is to believe there
are places in Africa where human
traffickers sell albino children and
their body parts for use in magic
rituals humanity healing international
is actively working in Uganda to change
this paradigm the albino rescue project
finds albino children who are at risk
and places and in safe schools and
environments where they can learn and
grow free from fear to learn more or to
sponsor a child visit humanity healing
org humanity healing is where your heart
is this is teri Van Horn and I want to
invite you to join me for my weekly
radio show hailing light on ometimes
radio every Wednesday at 6 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time on hailing light we want
to bring love light and blessings into
your world you can find out more about
us at WWE ling white online.com
blessings
join Elliott Jala SH the business
therapist each Tuesday at 5:00 p.m.
Eastern for the Elliott Jolly shower as
he interviews business experts on your
behalf and you're invited to email your
business questions to questions at ecj
group comm for answers live on air every
Tuesday at 5:00 p.m. Eastern on the
Elliott Jala shower host your show on IM
FM the radio network of ometimes media
one of the more recognized brand names
in the conscious community and is backed
by the extensive marketing reach of own
times hosting a show on Io FM
immediately connects you with our
extensive dedicated community you're
listening to o TR FM part of the I ohm
radio network and welcome back you're
listening to between heaven and earth
and I'm Lisa K and we are talking about
how to manifest your reality by Quantum
Jumping and I'm sitting here with
Cynthia sue Larson and we're talking
about ways that you can shift your
reality and make a new one
and Cynthia so I am looking at your book
here and one of the exercise you have is
called describe a reality shift
experience remember a time when
something happened disappear transform
are transported or you observed a change
in the experience of time and I guess
what you want to do is have people
journal that write down all the details
which I find is really interesting
because this is one of the techniques
that I ask my students to do when they
are learning in tuition write down when
it worked for you ran when they write it
down they remember all the things that
worked and then they can make it happen
again but I think what the point is is
it also helps you believe it helps you
go what this thing this is really
happening this really works it gives a
kind of feedback actually which is
really positive
yes a feedback and and you also then
also talked about the science of making
it or faking it until you make it what
is what's that all about
right well the signs of faking it till
you make it we touched on it briefly and
that has to do with things like embodied
cognition and embodied cognition and
that's the idea that you can't yes it
means that when you do something like
puts your arms up high that you're
acting like a person with great
confidence and and what happens is you
suddenly become that person even if you
didn't have that kind of confidence
beforehand so there is a science of
faking it till you wait why does that
make it why does it happen what's the
science that says that again we don't
the science is again it's in the field
of psychology and you can track it down
with Harvard researcher for example Amy
Cuddy and you can look at what she's
doing at Harvard University in the field
of embodied cognition this is what it
would do what is she found what she's
found is that there are things called
power poses such as putting your hands
on your hips mm-hmm it networks if
you're standing up if you're if you
stand up and put your hands palms down
on the table or desk in front of you
that's a power pose hmm and so these
these very simple things you can also
put your hands behind your neck and if
you're sitting down you can lean back
and prop your feet up on another chair
or some power pose yeah power poses and
when people do these power poses out of
sight and out of vision of everybody
else they do it privately like you could
go to the ladies room before an
interview and do power poses in the
stall or the bathroom no one even sees
you then you come out of the ladies room
go to the job interview and this is sort
of the basis of one of the experiments
that these embodied cognition
researchers have done and people
observing those people who've done that
will definitely score them much higher
on confidence much higher on energy and
and when they get measured in terms of
that those testosterone and cortisone
markers they have much higher levels of
testosterone which is what you want and
very reduced stress hormone cortisone so
it actually starts to manifest and
actually create a more confidence within
you that that's interesting that's like
the studies of the Darwin did when I was
studying psycho biology I thought this
is fascinating
and it's sort of there's this feedback
loop it sounds like
and that that what he did was he would
put people's faces and and he would
actually physically put them in
different phases of emotion so if
happiness would they like trying to make
their face smile by and I think they did
was he actually put little pieces of
tape and string and would pull their you
know their face muscles up to make them
smile and they actually start to feel
happier and I've I've got the exactly
and on page 151 of quantum jump site if
you flip to that right about Hell
they've got brand new studies that
follow along the same line of that and
definitely confirm the same thing that
if you put a pin in your mouth for
example if it's clean and you just curl
the outer edges of your mouth upward
might be a grimace because maybe that
person feels like because people can be
very depressed
especially oh I know right so we can get
rid of depression you actually can he
got seasonal affective disorder so the
two things that I met covering quantum
jumps that can help get rid of
depression this is one of them but the
pen in your mouth curl the corners up
and then people were found to absolutely
laugh much more when showing cartoons
afterward and feel happier mmm
and then the other thing you can do is
take a key peg basically it's like a
gratitude journal but you instead of
just writing what you're grateful for
everybody does that you add in the
little extra bit which dr. Martin
Seligman encourages people to do and
that is write down what you had to do
with it in the last 24 hours
these are things you're grateful for and
you had something that would you had to
do with the thing that made you grateful
you have been empowered to be an active
agent moving you forward in a happier
direction of life and you're writing
down a few things that you're grateful
for that you had something to do with be
like because I talked to my neighbor
they offered me free tickets to the
Opera or whatever you know whatever it
is but you did the bit of talking to
your neighbor mm-hmm and so then people
who are very clinically depressed and
start coming out of those deep holes
that they've been in and this is also
proven quite effective Wow improved with
that this is great I mean it goes from
getting curing depression and sadness to
manifesting physical things improving
your life and you have you improve your
life becoming by becoming what you think
I guess that's along now stepping into
the realm of being well what would you
what would you think about to improve
your life how would you do this well the
same thing that we started out talking
about what if you're already there
recognizing in this yeah so what does
that mean oh okay so this is like
imagining that you're already there
nature's doing this this is the way
Judy's photosynthesize there optimizers
and our new quantum computers are going
to be optimization machines but nature
was there first and we're part of nature
so and in fact like I said earlier this
is a fine-tuned universe it's remarkably
improbable I mean it's just way off the
charts unlikely so then to be as that to
me is proof right there something is
going on and then if it's already
ridiculously unlikely let's keep asking
my favorite question how good can it get
let your imagination take you to a
higher level even if you don't know what
it is and even if it's not envisioned
Abul from here so I do that now how
would you do that I just ask that
open-ended question whatever's going on
might be something troubling you that
you haven't had a chance to talk to
someone about or maybe things are going
pretty well but you feel like you're at
a sort of a plateau okay
the question is how good can it get hmm
and you want to really kind of get that
rush of energy feeling like you sat down
and you're ordering your favorite meal
you want to get that feeling of yeah I
really want to know how good can it get
like we're on the upswing how good can
it get yeah right it's like yeah I think
we as humans we naturally tend to think
about how bad can I get what's gonna
happen next right and we don't want to
think that like that we want we want to
get away from that because we don't
think the opposite we don't think oh
well you know wow won that prize you
know we can win another one or you know
some something new is going to come into
my life that's going to be even better
exactly and then that the reason I share
these stories on my website and in my
books is so people can start getting
that good
vibe of feeling like wow people are
doing amazing things this could be you
know I could be remarkably lucky and
fortunate and things could be going
quite well and even if I get a bad
prognosis or diagnosis from a doctor or
from the mechanic for my car or whatever
it may be
mm-hmm just kind of taking that moment
detaching and just feeling like well how
good could it get and be prepared to see
things might be completely different
than you thought they were just a moment
ago I'm actually saying physical reality
changes that facts change and there's a
physics behind it you know we didn't get
into all that but for people that like
that it's in the beginning of the book
and if you don't like it just skip that
chapter like oh there's a lot of physics
I'm skipping this one
yeah but the physics is interesting for
those people who can follow along with
it so has there been any dramatic change
in your life that you could attribute to
this well lots of things have happened
oh that's like getting everyone with us
like Chopra I mean what are the odds
that I would be interviewed by how did
that happen well because I is a good
question I just asked because he was
part of another conference I was
organizing the foundations of mind
conference at UC Berkeley inviting
speakers and happened to just send him
an email which I had forgotten all about
then six months later he responded said
yes to contact my producer so I mean
he's really busy he is all I know he is
like he's like you know Oh Oprah yeah it
was like yeah yeah you think in like no
way ya know I know what did you do to
make that happen other than sending him
did you just send if it's the same thing
I'm recommending you just kind of put it
out that you asked how good it can get
so take us through it take us through it
you know through some of the steps that
you did so you know we can kind of go
along with you so the first step was I
just realized that would be fun to be
interviewed by default Oprah I would
love to meet him it would be a great
experience you know so no I just I just
got the courage up to send him an email
I know he must be ridiculously busy ah
but I'm gonna do it anyway
I'm gonna do it just what's the harm
just put it out there and then I I was
sort of excited for awhile and then
didn't hear from him for a day or two or
you know couple the positive energy out
there I kind of forgot about it actually
and just
I just put it out there and I don't
really think one way or the other about
it well you know that that's what
happened to me actually and it same
thing happened my son but that was a
longer story so I'll tell them what
happened to me I would one of the things
I wanted to do you know I'm always
studying mediums and mediumship because
I want to know how real it is and I look
at these wonderful mediums like John
Edward on TV and he looks at and then
he's amazing and then you think oh well
the producers are just cutting and
editing so I wanted to go so I got to
see him I pay for a ticket got to see
him in real life and it was like he was
amazing there it's like there's no way
that they set that up but then I was
looking at the people who were sitting
there being read and I was thinking you
know how how do I know that they're
really getting the experience that
they're saying yes yes yes your right on
your right on your right on how do I
know that's real and I thought the only
way I could determine whether it's real
is if I'm sitting there and he's reading
me now what are the odds of getting read
by John Edwards it's like practically
it's so hard to get read by him because
you know hundreds and hundreds and
thousands of people go to see him all at
once and for him to pick you it's highly
unlikely it's even more unlikely to get
a private reading with him because he
doesn't do them anymore well I got a
private reading with him it was
unbelievable and I manifested that using
quantum jumps hey we're at the end of
our show already Cynthia yes you so much
for being on the show with me today and
I do a Facebook YouTube and all that so
but they can people can find it through
realityshifters.com is calm you've been
listening to between heaven and earth
catches living for your soul tune in
next time right here on tome Times radio
thanks bye
you